Brother, I'm sorry.
I know wrong
I have called the shots
Xiaoli kneels down to apologize to you
He is your brother after all
Just forgive him
And you're still standing up for him?
You, you, you're almost there.
Dad also made the decision for you
Xiaoli also confessed to your girl
If it weren't for my identity
Which one of you will call the shots for me?
Will you kneel down and apologize to me like this?
I won't do it for you
Because you won't pay me back for my failure at all
Don't mess with him on TV
Xiao Li grew up with us
Is it wrong for us to trust him?
Besides, he was just a kid at the time
What can you argue with your child?
You are too small-tempered.
Obviously it was his fault
Now you all think I'm being catty
care
Anyway, I have already delivered your salary.
Take care of yourself
Stop
We have vindicated your innocence.
Don't make my brother kneel down and apologize to you.
Why are you here and don't talk to me about cooperation?
Is it appropriate to just leave?